Investor Relations
CSR
Other Services ( Telecom Egypt Home WE Mobile Packages )
OTHERS SERVICES
MOBILE CALL SERVICES
‹
›
WE Pay
WE Pay is a digital wallet that enables you to control your financial transactions. You can transfer money, cash in & out, pay WE bills, utility bills (electricity, water, gas), send donations and other services easily and securely.

How to subscribe to WE Pay
Visit the nearest WE store with your valid national ID and SIM card registered under your name.
Fill in the subscription form and sign it.
Download and install WE Pay app from:

Open the app and choose Activate Account.
Fill in your data including (Full Name – National ID No – Active WE Mobile Number), and accept the terms and conditions.
An OTP SMS will be sent to your mobile phone to activate the App.
Create a new six-digit PIN number (do not use consecutive or repeated digits, such as 5555). This Pin will be used in all transactions performed via the App.
Load the wallet and enjoy WE Pay services.
  WE Pay services
WE Pay new USSD Codes:
Cash in / out
Money Transfer
International Remittance
Pay WE Services
Pay utility bills
Pay Syndicates Subscriptions
Pay Clubs subscriptions
Pay Traffic Services
Pay Education Fees

Pay insurance installments and services
Pay Donations
Pay Tickets and Tourism
Online payments
Subscriptions & Ads
Financial payments/Banks
Fawry Pay
Purchase via QR
AVL
ACH
Services Fees
Wallet Limits


FAQs


General Terms and conditions
You must have a valid national ID and a WE mobile line registered under your name.
Maximum number for each national ID is 3 wallets on 3 mobile lines.
Maximum limit for the wallet balance: 200,000 LE.
In case the line is lost or stolen, you can suspend the service by calling 565 or visiting any of WE stores.
For more information about WE Pay, please call 565
More Services
Donation
Read more
Tamween
Read more
‹
›
  TELECOMEGYPT
INVESTOR RELATIONS
CONTACT US
SUPPORT
 :
  DOWNLOAD OUR APP
For all mobile, internet and fixed line users: in case you are unable to solve any problem you have encountered with your service provider, kindly dial 155 to call the National Telecom Regulatory Authority (NTRA) customer service call center and submit your complaint. This number works seven days a week, from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
Copyright . All Rights Reserved.
 
